Cleanup "Connect to External Services" (#930)
astronomer/docs: astro/connect-external-services.md

To retrieve the ID of any Astro VPC, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io). If you have more than one Astro cluster, request the VPC ID of each cluster.

## AWS Transit Gateway

Use AWS Transit Gateway to connect one or more Astro clusters to other VPCs, AWS accounts, and on-premises networks supported by your organization.

AWS Transit Gateway is an alternative to VPC Peering on AWS. Instead of having to establish a direct connection between two VPCs, you can attach over 5,000 networks to a central transit gateway that has a single VPN connection to your corporate network.

While it can be more costly, AWS Transit Gateway requires less configuration and is often recommended for organizations connecting a larger number of VPCs. For more information, see [AWS Transit Gateway](https://aws.amazon.com/transit-gateway/).

### Prerequisites

- An Astro cluster
- An existing transit gateway in the same region as your Astro cluster
- Permission to share resources using AWS Resource Access Manager (RAM)

:::info

> If your transit gateway is in a different region than your Astro cluster, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io). Astronomer can create a new transit gateway in your AWS account for Astro and set up a cross-region peering connection with your existing transit gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your transit gateway is in a different region than your Astro cluster, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io). Astronomer support can create a new transit gateway in your AWS account for Astro and set up a cross-region peering connection with your existing transit gateway.
```

:::

### Setup

1. In the Cloud UI, click the **Clusters** tab and copy the **Account ID** for your Astro cluster. This is an AWS account ID.
2. Create a resource share in AWS RAM with the account ID from step 1. See [Creating a resource share in AWS RAM](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/ram/latest/userguide/working-with-sharing-create.html).
3. Contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io) and provide the CIDR block of the target VPC or on-premises network that you want to connect your Astro cluster with. From here, Astronomer approves the resource sharing request and creates a transit gateway peering attachment request to your network.
4. Accept the transit gateway peering attachment request from your network. See [Accept or reject a peering attachment request](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html#tgw-peering-accept-reject).
5. Create a static route from your CIDR block to the transit gateway. See [Add a route to the transit gateway route table](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/tgw/tgw-peering.html#tgw-peering-add-route).

> 6. Contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io) to confirm that you have created the static route. From here, Astronomer updates the routing table of the Astro VPC to send traffic from your CIDR block through the transit gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io) to confirm that you have created the static route. Astronomer support will update the Astro VPC routing table to send traffic from your CIDR block through the transit gateway.
```

Complete the steps for each Astro cluster that you want to connect to your transit gateway.

## AWS IAM roles

To grant an Astro cluster access to a service that is running in an AWS account not managed by Astronomer, use AWS IAM roles. IAM roles on AWS are often used to manage the level of access a specific user, object, or group of users has to a resource. This includes an Amazon S3 bucket, Redshift instance, or secrets backend.

1. In the Cloud UI, click **Clusters** and then copy the value displayed in the **Cluster ID** column for the Astro cluster that needs access to AWS service resources.
2. Create an IAM role in the AWS account that contains your AWS service. See [Creating a role to delegate permissions to an AWS service](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_create_for-service.html).

3. In the AWS Management Console, go to the Identity and Access Management (IAM) dashboard.

> 4. Click **Roles**. In the **Role name** column, select the role you created in step 2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Roles** and in the **Role name** column, select the role you created in step 2.
```
This is the correct format for this type of instruction. If you add punctuation, create a new task step

}
```
7. Click **Update policy**.
8. In the Airflow UI or as an environment variable on Astro, create an Airflow connection to AWS for each Deployment that requires the resources you connected. See [Managing connections to Apache Airflow](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-amazon/stable/connections/aws.html).

> Complete these steps for each Astro cluster that requires access to external data services on AWS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Complete these steps for each Astro cluster that requires access to external data services on AWS.
```

This should be included in the introductory statement, or added a s a procedure step. For example:

9. Optional. Repeat steps 1 to 8 for every Astro cluster that requires access to external data services on AWS.

Author: Good call! Done

## Workload Identity (_GCP only_)

> [Workload Identity](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/concepts/workload-identity) is recommended by Google as the best way for data pipelines running on Google Cloud Platform (GCP) to access Google Cloud services in a secure and manageable way. All Astro clusters on GCP have Workload Identity enabled by default. Each Astro Deployment is associated with a Kubernetes service account that's created by Astronomer and is bound to an identity from your Google Cloud project's fixed workload identity pool.

Reviewer: Define acronyms such as Google Cloud Platform (GCP) early in the document and then use only the acronym afterward.

To grant a Deployment on Astro access to external data services on GCP, such as BigQuery:

1. In the Cloud UI, go to your Deployment and copy paste the value under **Namespace**.

> 2. Use your Deployment's namespace and the name of your Google Cloud project for Astro to identify the Kubernetes service account for your Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the Deployment namespace value and the name of your GCP project to identify the Kubernetes service account for your Deployment.
```

    
    Kubernetes service accounts for Astro Deployments are formatted as follows:

    ```text
    astro-<deployment-namespace>@<gcp-project-name>.iam.gserviceaccount.com
    ```
    

>     For a Google Cloud project called `astronomer-prod` and a Deployment namespace defined as `nuclear-science-2730`, for example, the service account for the Deployment would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For a Google Cloud project named `astronomer-prod` and a Deployment namespace defined as `nuclear-science-2730`, for example, the service account for the Deployment would be:
```

    ```text
    astro-nuclear-science-2730@astronomer-prod.iam.gserviceaccount.com
    ```
3. Go to the Google Cloud project in which your external data service is hosted.
4. Add the Kubernetes service account for your Astro Deployment to the principal of that Google Cloud project. See [GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/workload-identity#authenticating_to).
5. Bind the service account to a role that has access to your external data service.

> Complete these steps for every Astro Deployment that requires access to external data services on GCP.

Reviewer: See previous edit recommendation. Add this information to the task introductory statement, or add it as an optional procedure step.

:::info

GCP has a 30 character limit for service account names. For Deployment namespaces which are longer than 24 characters, use only the first 24 characters when determining your service account name.

> For example, if your GCP project was called `astronomer-prod` and your Deployment namespace was `nuclear-scintillation-2730`, your service account would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if your GCP project is named `astronomer-prod` and your Deployment namespace is `nuclear-scintillation-2730`, your service account is:
```
